[DX-1070] TT-11258 Update tyk-sync.md (#4140)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-sync.md

Tyk Sync works with Git and any CI/CD tool to ensure that only versioned changes are loaded into your Tyk Environment.  For example, a developer can configure and test the APIs locally, and then use *tyk-sync dump* to convert the APIs to transportable format. Following Git standard practises, to load this change to an environment, he/she should create a Pull Request (PR) on Git for a peer review and merge the approved API configurations in Git. Once the Pull Request is approved and merged, the deployment pipeline could be triggered to run *tyk-sync sync*, *tyk-sync publish* or *tyk-sync update* to sync configurations from Git to the target Tyk installation. See the [Dump](#dump-command) command for how to extract the current Tyk configurations from an installation. See  [Sync](#sync-command), [Update](#update-command), or [Publish](#publish-command) commands for they can help to sync configurations from Git to target Tyk installation.

> Tyk Sync does not work with Keys. See [Move Keys between environments]({{< ref "advanced-configuration/manage-multiple-environments/move-keys-between-environments" >}}) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tyk Sync does not work with keys. Please consult [move keys between environments]({{< ref "advanced-configuration/manage-multiple-environments/move-keys-between-environments" >}}) for further details.
```

{{< note success >}}
**Note**  

> Tyk Sync supports you to work with [Tyk OAS APIs]({{< ref "getting-started/key-concepts/high-level-concepts" >}}). Tyk Sync is currently using classic Dashboard API so the use of [allow-unsafe-oas]({{< ref "tyk-dashboard/configuration#allow_unsafe_oas" >}}) configuration in Dashboard, and the flag `--allow-unsafe-oas` in Tyk Sync is required if you want to use Tyk Sync to migrate OAS APIs. OAS API Category is currently not supported in Tyk Sync.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tyk Sync supports both [Tyk OAS APIs]({{< ref "getting-started/key-concepts/high-level-concepts" >}}) and [Tyk Classic APIs]({{< ref "[ggetting-started/key-concepts/what-is-an-api-definition/#api-definition-types" >}}) when working with Tyk Dashboard, however at this time you must set the [allow-unsafe-oas]({{< ref "tyk-dashboard/configuration#allow_unsafe_oas" >}}) configuration in Dashboard, and the flag `--allow-unsafe-oas` when invoking Tyk Sync if you want to use Tyk Sync to migrate Tyk OAS APIs.

API Category is not currently supported in Tyk Sync for Tyk OAS APIs.
```

Reviewer 2: Question: here we're telling users to set `allow_unsafe_oas` to work with Tyk OAS APIs... but this is a Dashboard config, not relevant to OSS Gateway... so does Sync actually support Tyk OAS APIs for OSS users? (re: the table lower down the page that gives a green tick for OSS)

Author: @andyo-tyk Sync use classic API endpoints to create/update OAS APIs when working with OSS Gateway. The `allow_unsafe_oas` config might be required for OSS Gateway too, can you confirm if it was implemented in Gateway?

> `--allow-unsafe-oas` is an option provided for early adopters and will be deprecated later. Tyk Sync will be updated in a future release to use Dashboard API for OAS to bring you the full OAS API experience. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`--allow-unsafe-oas` is a flag that is required for Tyk Sync to work with Tyk OAS APIs. This is a temporary measure provided for early adopters and will be deprecated later when Tyk Sync will be updated in a future release to bring you the full Tyk OAS API experience. 
```

{{< note success >}}
**Note**  

> Tyk Sync supports you to work with [Tyk OAS APIs]({{< ref "getting-started/key-concepts/high-level-concepts" >}}). Tyk Sync is currently using classic Dashboard API so the use of [allow-unsafe-oas]({{< ref "tyk-dashboard/configuration#allow_unsafe_oas" >}}) configuration in Dashboard is required if you want to use Tyk Sync to migrate APIs and Policies. Please also the  flag `--allow-unsafe-oas` in Tyk Sync if you are working with OAS APIs. OAS API Category is currently not supported in Tyk Sync.

Reviewer 3: I would add a note that saying that this option will suffer changes in the future, and must be carefully used. Also I would wait for @andyo-tyk to review this,

Author: Updated to mention this flag will be deprecated in future.

Reviewer: > I would add a note that saying that this option will suffer changes in the future, and must be carefully used. Also I would wait for @andyo-tyk to review this,

@andyo-tyk @caroltyk @lghiur See there is a label on PR for 5.3.0 so double checking. This should not yet be released yet, yes?

Reviewer 3: @dcs3spp as 5.3.0 is not out yet, no

Reviewer: ok thanks @lghiur
